The Overton Window (Hardcover)
by Glenn Beck and Kevin Balfe and Emily Bestler and Jack Henderson

Add to Cart
Add to Wishlist
Membership Type Price
Retail Price: $26.00
Online Price: $16.46
Club Price: $14.81
(Save 43%)
Join Now!

In Stock.
Overview
A plan to destroy America, a hundred years in the making, is about to be unleashed . . . can it be stopped?

There is a powerful technique called the Overton Window that can shape our lives, our laws, and our future. It works by manipulating public perception so that ideas previously thought of as radical begin to seem acceptable over time. Move the Window and you change the debate. Change the debate and you change the country.

For Noah Gardner, a twentysomething public relations executive, it's safe to say that political theory is the furthest thing from his mind. Smart, single, handsome, and insulated from the world's problems by the wealth and power of his father, Noah is far more concerned about the future of his social life than the future of his country.

But all of that changes when Noah meets Molly Ross, a woman who is consumed by the knowledge that the America we know is about to be lost forever. She and her group of patriots have vowed to remember the past and fight for the future--but Noah, convinced they're just misguided conspiracy-theorists, isn't interested in lending his considerable skills to their cause.

And then the world changes.

An unprecedented attack on U.S. soil shakes the country to the core and puts into motion a frightening plan, decades in the making, to transform America and demonize all those who stand in the way. Amidst the chaos, many don't know the difference between conspiracy theory and conspiracy fact--or, more important, which side to fight for.

But for Noah, the choice is clear: Exposing the plan, and revealing the conspirators behind it, is the only way to save both the woman he loves and the individual freedoms he once took for granted.

After five back-to-back #1 New York Times bestsellers, national radio and Fox News television host Glenn Beck has delivered a ripped-from-the-headlines thriller that seamlessly weaves together American history, frightening facts about our present condition, and a heart-stopping plot. The Overton Window will educate, enlighten, and, most important, entertain--with twists and revelations

no one will see coming.

ALSO AVAILABLE
Used Book Partners offer 24 copies

OTHER FORMATS
Audio CD - Unabridged for Club Price: $20.68

Related Categories:
Books > Fiction > Political
Books > Fiction > Thrillers

Share This!
E-Mail to a friend
Print this page


 
17 Ratings

ISBN-13: 9781439184301
ISBN-10: 1439184305
Publisher: Threshold Editions
Date: June 2010
Page Count: 336
Customer Reviews

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 