The Overton Window [Audiobook, Unabridged] [Audio CD]
Glenn Beck (Author), James Daniels (Reader)
3.7 out of 5 stars  See all reviews (170 customer reviews)
List Price:	$29.99
Price:	$17.54 & eligible for FREE Super Saver Shipping on orders over $25. Details
You Save:	$12.45 (42%)
In Stock.
Ships from and sold by Amazon.com. Gift-wrap available.
Want it delivered Tuesday, June 29? Choose One-Day Shipping at checkout. Details
13 new from $16.87 4 used from $16.65
Formats
Amazon Price	New from	Used from
Hardcover	$14.03	 	$12.60	$10.99
Audio, CD, Audiobook, Unabridged	$17.54	 	$16.87	$16.65
Audible Audio Edition Offsite Link	$15.74	or less with new Audible membership
Frequently Bought Together
The Overton Window	+	Blacklisted by History: The Untold Story of Senator Joe McCarthy and His Fight Against America's Enemies	+	The Road to Serfdom: Text and Documents--The Definitive Edition (The Collected Works of F. A. Hayek) (Volume 2)
Price For All Three: $36.79
Add all three to CartAdd all three to Wish List
Buy the selected items together
This item: The Overton Window by Glenn Beck$17.54
In Stock.
Ships from and sold by Amazon.com.
Eligible for FREE Super Saver Shipping on orders over $25. Details

Blacklisted by History: The Untold Story of Senator Joe McCarthy and His Fight Against America's Enemies by M. Stanton Evans$9.90
Usually ships within 6 to 10 days.
Ships from and sold by Amazon.com.
Eligible for FREE Super Saver Shipping on orders over $25. Details

The Road to Serfdom: Text and Documents--The Definitive Edition (The Collected Works of F. A. Hayek) (Volume 2) by F. A. Hayek$9.35
In Stock.
Ships from and sold by Amazon.com.
Eligible for FREE Super Saver Shipping on orders over $25. Details

Customers Who Bought This Item Also Bought
The Road to Serfdom: Text and Documents--The Definitive Edition (The Collected Works of F. A. Hayek) (Volume 2)
The Road to Serfdom: Text and Documents--The Definitive Edition (The Collected Works of F. A. Hayek) (Volume 2)

by F. A. Hayek
4.3 out of 5 stars (90)  $9.35
George Washington's Sacred Fire
George Washington's Sacred Fire

by Peter A. Lillback
4.1 out of 5 stars (22)  $14.58
Term Limits
Term Limits

by Vince Flynn
4.1 out of 5 stars (268)  $9.99
Atlas Shrugged
Atlas Shrugged

by Ayn Rand
4.0 out of 5 stars (2,087)  $13.00
The Federalist Papers (Signet Classics)
The Federalist Papers (Signet Classics)

by Alexander Hamilton
4.5 out of 5 stars (133)  $7.95
› Explore similar items
Editorial Reviews
Review
"Glenn Beck has just shattered the fiction barrier. The Overton Window is the perfect all-American thriller."
—Brad Thor, #1 New York Times bestselling author

"A novel ripped from today's headlines and destined to be as controversial as it is eye-opening. No matter your politics, this Hitchcockian thriller will have you turning pages well into the night."

—James Rollins, New York Times bestselling author

"A visionary work of fiction. One of the best thrillers I've read in years."

—Vince Flynn, New York Times bestselling author

"Glenn Beck never fails to amaze. The Overton Window, a rip-roaring read of the first order, is as good a political thriller as you're going to find this year."

—Nelson DeMille, New York Times bestselling author

Product Description
A plan to destroy America, a hundred years in the making, is about to be unleashed . . . can it be stopped?
There is a powerful technique called the Overton Window that can shape our lives, our laws, and our future. It works by manipulating public perception so that ideas previously thought of as radical begin to seem acceptable over time. Move the Window and you change the debate. Change the debate and you change the country.

For Noah Gardner, a twentysomething public relations executive, it’s safe to say that political theory is the furthest thing from his mind. Smart, single, handsome, and insulated from the world’s problems by the wealth and power of his father, Noah is far more concerned about the future of his social life than the future of his country.

But all of that changes when Noah meets Molly Ross, a woman who is consumed by the knowledge that the America we know is about to be lost forever. She and her group of patriots have vowed to remember the past and fight for the future—but Noah, convinced they’re just misguided conspiracy-theorists, isn’t interested in lending his considerable skills to their cause.

And then the world changes.

An unprecedented attack on U.S. soil shakes the country to the core and puts into motion a frightening plan, decades in the making, to transform America and demonize all those who stand in the way. Amidst the chaos, many don’t know the difference between conspiracy theory and conspiracy fact—or, more important, which side to fight for.

But for Noah, the choice is clear: Exposing the plan, and revealing the conspirators behind it, is the only way to save both the woman he loves and the individual freedoms he once took for granted.

After five back-to-back #1 New York Times bestsellers, national radio and Fox News television host Glenn Beck has delivered a ripped-from-the-headlines thriller that seamlessly weaves together American history, frightening facts about our present condition, and a heart-stopping plot. The Overton Window will educate, enlighten, and, most important, entertain—with twists and revelations

no one will see coming.

See all Editorial Reviews
Product Details
Audio CD
Publisher: Simon & Schuster Audio; Unabridged edition (June 15, 2010)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 144230524X
ISBN-13: 978-1442305243
Product Dimensions: 5.8 x 5.2 x 0.8 inches
Shipping Weight: 6.4 ounces (View shipping rates and policies)
Average Customer Review: 3.7 out of 5 stars  See all reviews (170 customer reviews)
Amazon Bestsellers Rank: #288 in Books (See Top 100 in Books)
#1 in	 Books > Books on CD > Literature & Fiction > Unabridged
#12 in	 Books > Literature & Fiction > Genre Fiction > Political
 Would you like to update product info or give feedback on images?
More About the Author
Glenn Beck
Discover books, learn about writers, read author blogs, and more.

› Visit Amazon's Glenn Beck Page
What Do Customers Ultimately Buy After Viewing This Item?
The Overton Window	
92% buy the item featured on this page:
The Overton Window 3.7 out of 5 stars (170)
$17.54
Blacklisted by History: The Untold Story of Senator Joe McCarthy and His Fight Against America's Enemies	
4% buy
Blacklisted by History: The Untold Story of Senator Joe McCarthy and His Fight Against America's Enemies 4.3 out of 5 stars (120)
$9.90
The Road to Serfdom: Text and Documents--The Definitive Edition (The Collected Works of F. A. Hayek) (Volume 2)	
2% buy
The Road to Serfdom: Text and Documents--The Definitive Edition (The Collected Works of F. A. Hayek) (Volume 2) 4.3 out of 5 stars (90)
$9.35
George Washington's Sacred Fire	
1% buy
George Washington's Sacred Fire 4.1 out of 5 stars (22)
$14.58
Explore similar items
Tags Customers Associate with This Product (What's this?)
Click on a tag to find related items, discussions, and people.
recommended by glenn beck(8)
american history(4)
american constitution(3)
glenn beck(3)
history(3)
constitution(2)
founding fathers(2)
9 99 boycott outrageous price for a kind...(1)
action(1)
bad fiction(1)
See all 24 tags...

Your tags: Add your first tag
Search Products Tagged with
  Search Products Tagged with
See most popular tags
 
Customer Reviews
170 Reviews
5 star:	
 (89)
4 star:	
 (20)
3 star:	
 (20)
2 star:	
 (10)
1 star:	
 (31)
 	
 
 
 
 
Average Customer Review
3.7 out of 5 stars (170 customer reviews)
 
 	
 
 
Share your thoughts with other customers:
Create your own review
Most Helpful Customer Reviews

 	
273 of 354 people found the following review helpful:
3.0 out of 5 stars A Review of the BOOK not the MAN, June 17, 2010
By 	Kim Albert "BigMomma" (Fairfax, Va USA) - See all my reviews
(REAL NAME)   
This review is from: The Overton Window (Hardcover)
I am writing this review, because every review on here seems to be about the author and his biases and not about the BOOK itself. Let me first say that I am an avid reader. I read everything from Stephenie Meyer to Bertrand Russell, Chuck Palahniuk to Freakonomics. I read 3-5 books per week, fiction and non-fiction alike.

I knew very little about Glenn Beck before I purchased this book. Of course I had heard his name, and that he was a radio personality, but that's about it. I read a little about him before beginning the book, learning that he is a "conservative libertarian." With that being said, it didn't really matter to me, a good book is a good book, no matter the political implications or insinuations.

About the book: The plot was weak, it could have used a lot less quoting and preaching and a lot more character development and background. I found myself being thrown into a whole lot of speeches and little narrative or story development.

The original character descriptions were good, but I found myself wanting to know more about them, who they were really, where they came from, and what they were thinking. The protagonist of this story was the only character that was explored deeper than a name, physical description, and a little about their backgrounds. I wanted to know more about them ESPECIALLY what they were thinking.

The writing was a little below average. Mr. Beck just isn't that good of a story teller, I found myself drifting through the quotes and preaching, wanting them to be over so the story could continue...which it never really did. There was never a climax in the story, and the ending left a lot to be desired.

You would have expected to learn a lot more of the elder Mr. Gardner(the main character's father) before the last chapter. Additionally, I felt that it ended without anything being solved. It just kind of ended in what I would think of as the middle of the story.

All in all this was not worth the day and a half I put into reading it, and I suggest if Mr. Beck wants to share his political ideology, he stick to non-fiction. I would be happy to read it, and would probably enjoy it.

Why write a fiction book, when really all you want to do is write a book of facts regarding the corruption of our country? That's what we really need to hear and read...hiding all of that in the guise of a fiction story(dubbed a thriller, no less) is disappointing to those of us who want to read a good novel.

***NOTE: For all of you who are going to call me a biased liberal hippie, I am a former employee and lifetime member of the National Rifle Association(thanks to Mr. Beck for the kudos in the book), and a member of the libertarian party.

Help other customers find the most helpful reviews  
Was this review helpful to you?  Yes No
Report this | Permalink
Comment Comments (24)


 	
124 of 160 people found the following review helpful:
5.0 out of 5 stars Taught me things I thought I knew..., June 18, 2010
By 	J. huss - See all my reviews
(REAL NAME)   
Amazon Verified Purchase(What's this?)
This review is from: The Overton Window (Hardcover)
I am a regular Glenn Beck listener, watcher, and reader so when I opened the book I thought it would be a good story but I pretty much knew all he had to say. So I started reading. The story-line is good and kept my attention. I was drawn into Noah - liking him and even liking the father for a substantial portion of the book. In fact, it took me a long time to warm up to Molly as she definitely had an agenda. I think the biggest surprise was that it wasn't as predictable as I thought it would be - and when I got to the part about the "plan" the last entry on the list just stunned me. I won't give it away - but that really has been my lingering nagging question. Anyway - if you hate Glenn you'll hate his novel - if you like Glenn you'll probably like his novel. If you're like me and think you've heard all he has to say - you'll be very glad you read it. He's not done teaching just yet. The Overton Window was a fast paced, easy to read thriller that humbled me back down into learning mode...definitely worth your time.
Help other customers find the most helpful reviews  
Was this review helpful to you?  Yes No
Report this | Permalink
Comment Comments (4)


 	
278 of 373 people found the following review helpful:
5.0 out of 5 stars Can't wait for the next one!, June 15, 2010
By 	AB in SC (South Carolina) - See all my reviews
This review is from: The Overton Window (Hardcover)
I ordered a signed copy of this book through Glenn Beck's website and was surprised to actually receive it last Thursday--almost a week before it was supposed to be released.

I read it within 24 hours! I'm not a huge reader of fiction (one or two books a year), so I can't provide a trained critical review. But, as a concerned citizen of this country, it was refreshing to see an author correctly portray who the viliians of our society really are, and who the heroes are.

Some may call it a book filled with wild conspiracy theories, but it's not about trying to prove any particular conspiracy. The purpose of this book is to educate the reader to dig deeper beneath the propaganda we are exposed to on a daily basis and "question everything". It challenges us to find out for ourselves what to take on face value, and when to be a skeptic. And it does it all through a creative and entertaining storyline.

I can't wait for the sequel. I will be purchasing copies for friends and family.

By the way, unlike most thrillers written these days, this book is clean and appropriate for all audiences!
Help other customers find the most helpful reviews  
Was this review helpful to you?  Yes No
Report this | Permalink
Comment Comments (16)

Share your thoughts with other customers: Create your own review
› See all 170 customer reviews...