
Job Overview

Company:
    Confidential Company

Title:
    Systems Engineer-Windows, Storage & Virtualization a plus

Skills:
    IBM, Windows, Storage, pre sales, post sales, x86, SystemX

Date:
    11-23-2010

Location:
    San Francisco, CA

Area Code:
    415

Employ. Type:
    FULLTIME

Pay Rate:
    $100k to $150k

Job Length:

Position ID:
    063289

Dice ID:
    10328807

Travel Required:
    none

Telecommute:
    yes

Contact Information

    Save this job
    Email to a friend
Click Here to Apply

Printer-Friendly
Job Description

    Systems Engineer-Windows, Storage & Virtualization a plus
    San Francisco, CA

Sr Systems Engineer/ Solution Architect

We are a company with a reputation for quality, integrity and service. We are working with cutting edge technology and offer a fantastic working environment. Many of our employees have been with us for years.
We are seeking a highly skilled Solution Architect/Systems Engineer with an entrepreneurial spirit. This individual possesses a background in IT Infrastructure and consulting services. The ideal candidate is able to help our customers align technical solutions with business challenges. Partnering with our Sales and Professional Services Teams, you will be extremely customer focused and thrives on the idea of helping customers and providing solutions.

We are looking for someone with:

Natural affinity and enthusiasm for working directly with clients helping them solve problems
Passion for technology fed by ongoing hunger for new knowledge
Able to confidently drive problem solving conversations with clients
A self starter who will thrive taking initiative in an autonomous environment
A consultant confident in his or her ability to exceed 50% billable rate
Someone who puts team first

Job Responsibilities (include but not limited to):

The System Engineer/Architect will provide expertise in enterprise solution design and assume responsibility for expertise in his/her area as to best practices and industry trends that will serve our clients. Additional responsibilities include:
Building relationships and nurturing business partnerships that enable us to offer more value to clients while increasing revenue and profit.
Leading with an obsession for customer satisfaction that is addressed and measured constantly. Superior Customer Service and problem solving skills a must
Proven project management skills.
Experience working within a professional services field, or consulting experience, system engineer experience and/or deploying enterprise software solutions preferred.
Experience with three or more of the following: Enterprise Architecture, Virtualization, Networking, Security, Systems Management, , Enterprise Application integration, and server & SAN, storage infrastructure are critical for success.
Experience with IBM hardware is of high value.
Experience with x86 Architecture
Comfort and skills in presenting to a technical audience.

Desired Skill Sets:

Bachelor*s degree a minimum, post graduate work a plus.
6-10 years experience in a similar role working with clients and sales support. Specific skills with design, setup, installation and troubleshooting for the following technologies:
Intel/AMD Server architecture and solution design (x86 Architecture a must)
Server Virtualization * VMWare, Xen, etc. (setup, installation, troubleshooting)
Microsoft OS and applications
Linux
Storage architecture and solution design (SAN, iSCSI, etc)

Great benefits, entrepreneur type of environment, extreme amount of flexibility, work from home, this is a small-team atmosphere where each person is encouraged to make a difference!
Company Overview
find more jobs with this company