Quant Developer
| More
Company: Capital Markets 
Location: New York, New York
Salary: $150,000   -   $150,000
Category: Information Tech / Computer
Date Posted: 10/13/2010
Travel Required: Not Specified
Security Clearance: No
Work Type: Any
Job Description
The Quantitative Strategies team is a quantitative Portfolio Management Desk. The Desk manages one of the largest hedge funds in the world using sophisticated quantitative models. It trades across assets classes on a global basis using a wide variety of instruments (cash securities, futures, forwards, options, interest rate swaps and other OTC derivatives).

The QS Technology team works closely with the business providing a wide range of services. The technology group is expanding and require a programmer analyst with a quantitative background (typically a science orientated education), strong technology skills and a keen interest in supporting a fast moving, demanding and stimulating business. Technology supports the full breadth of the platform which the business uses. It spans a production statistical portfolio construction system, through to generating and executing orders in derivative instruments.

The rewards of this role include working with a first class team, learning the quantitative technology platform and working with the investment management process from construction to execution.

Principal Responsibilities:

          Work as part of the Research Technology team, reporting to the teams manager.

          Play a high profile role working side by side with the Portfolio Management team on research and production efforts.

          Specialize in the the core research and portfolio construction system Plutus.

          Implement technology solutions for complex business problems. The problems could be mathematical in nature requiring a basic understanding of linear algebra, probability and statistics.

          Progress the technology to give horizontal scalability and Matlab integration

          Work across multiple software components and technologies, including C++, Sybase, VB and Java.

Core Skills

          At least two years of experience in a technology role

          C++ and database (ideally Sybase). Core skills sets will be vetted.

          Interfacing to data vendors, gathering and validating market data real time of interest but not essential.

          Exposure to and appreciation of Futures, Forward, IR Swap, Option or CDS contracts.

          Cooperate within a team and work in a rigorous and stimulating environment

          Ability to gather requirements and distill business analysis

          Strong commitment toward best practices within enterprise development and deployment

          Ability to prototype and develop efficiently, test new software


Click here to apply now