 Company Overview

COmputing TechnologieS, Inc. is a Virginia corporation founded in 1992.  CoTs is primarily engaged in information systems engineering through systems analysis, design and development, test and evaluation, and operations and maintenance of computer-based applications.

Our revenue projections show strong growth.  We believe they will show even more growth because we are continuously competing for new contracts and follow-on contracts for current services.

Over the next ten years, CoTs hopes to maintain a slow, deliberate growth, affording employees a professional atmosphere and a high-tech environment in which we can deliver quality engineering, analytical, and technical services to all our customers.

CoTs is committed to being fair and objective to all employees.  We value everyone on the CoTs team.  CoTs management intends to treat all employees with respect and professionalism.  Our view of the management-employee relationship begins with the understanding that first, and foremost, it is a relationship based on mutual trust and confidence.  Management must be committed to constantly improving the workplace, the practices, and the policies of CoTs.  Employees must be committed to giving their best effort and to providing products and services in accordance with our contracts.  Management expects employees to seek ways to improve their individual professionalism, expand their expertise, and enhance the productivity of CoTs.

Our philosophy can thus be stated simply: CoTs management provides opportunities for professional and technical work; you, in turn, can enjoy a rewarding career capitalizing upon these opportunities.

 

Learn More about COmputing TechnologieS, Inc.
http://www.cots.com


Mainframe Developer 	   Apply Now
Report It

Job Description

As a  Member of a system development/maintenance team that supports Department of Defense integrated financial and personnel resource management systems. This staff member will design, develop, and implement integrated solutions for a complex, mainframe based personnel and pay system.

Staff Member will analyze all aspects of mainframe resource use with the objective of reducing mainframe processing costs.  Must be able to identify processes, procedures, and program code that consumes more mainframe resources than necessary. Monitors overall mainframe resource usage and makes recommendations to reduce I/O, storage, and CPU charges and improve storeage management.


Experienced mainframe programming/analysis with detailed knowledge of COBOL, SQL, DB2, JCL, VSAM, and Oracle required. Knowledge of ROSCOE and Librarian a plus.


CoTs is an Equal Opportunity Employer and Affirmative Action Employer - M/F/Vet/Disab

 


Job Requirements

    Bachelor's degree in computer science, or related field preferred or equivalent combination of education and experience
    Full Scope background check
    US Citizenship
    44 hour work
Job Overview
Company: 	COmputing TechnologieS, Inc.
Base Pay: 	$64,000 - $66,000 /Year
Other Pay: 	
Employee Type: 	Full-Time
Industry: 	Computer Software
Computer Hardware
Manages Others: 	No
Job Type: 	Information Technology
Government - Federal
Required Education: 	4 Year Degree
Required Experience: 	5 to 8 years
Required Travel: 	Negligible
Relocation Covered: 	No
Reference ID: 	Not Available
Location: 	map it!US-MO-Kansas City
  	 
Contact: 	Scott MacDonald
Phone: 	Not Available
Email: 	Send Email Now
Fax: 	Not Available 