Sr. Systems/Software design/development Engineer
HP
Bellevue, Washington, United States
Open Job Area Information Page	Show Map of Job Area	Print View	Save Job	E-mail Job
This is not an entry-level position.

Job ID:	7247673
Position Title:	Sr. Systems/Software design/development Engineer
Min Education:	H.S. Diploma/Equivalent
Industry:	Other
Posted:	October 1, 2010
Job Function:	Information Technology
Job Type:	Full-Time
Salary:	Yearly Salary)
Apply URL:	http://ars2.equest.com/?response_id=eb47ce75152824...
 
HP is a leading global provider of products, technologies, solutions and services to consumers and business. The company's offerings span IT infrastructure, personal computing and access devices, global services, and imaging and printing. Our $4 billion annual R&D investment fuels the invention of products, solutions and new technologies so we can better serve customers and enter new markets. We invent, engineer and deliver technology solutions that drive business value, create social value and improve the lives of our customers. The Platform Virtualization team is an engineering team in the Infrastructure Software and Blades organization within the Enterprise Servers and Networking Business Unit. We are responsible for delivering products and solutions targeted at enabling virtualization on HP industry standard server platforms. We are looking for candidates who are interested in being part of an engineering team delivering infrastructure management for virtualized platforms. We expect our systems/software engineers to engage with HP partners, other HP teams and participate in the full software lifecycle from investigation, requirements, design, development, qualification and release.
 
Job description The Sr. Systems/Software Engineer will be responsible for: - Designing and developing software products in a timely manner adhering to high quality standards
- Working with Software Testing / QA organizations to achieve quality requirements
- Troubleshooting / Debugging product issues - Collaborating with cross functional and remote project team members for successful project completion
- Working with external partners as needed
 
Applies developed subject matter knowledge to solve common and complex business issues within established guidelines and recommends appropriate alternatives.  Works on problems/projects of diverse complexity and scope.  Exercises independent judgment within generally defined policies and practices to identify and select a solution.  May act as a team or project leader providing direction to team activities and facilitates information validation and team decision-making process.  Ability to handle most unique situations.  May seek advice in order to make decisions on complex business issues.
Education

Bachelor's (undergraduate) or Master's (graduate) in Computer Science/Engineering or equivalent.

 

Experience and knowledge

Bachelor's or Master's degree in computer Science/Engineering or equivalent experience and a minimum of 8 plus years related experience.
Demonstrated success developing a customer facing software product with experience of the complete software lifecycle.
Experience with industry standard x86-based virtualization
Experience with virtualization management product development
Experience with x86 based in-band and out-of-band server management product
Experience debugging / troubleshooting large, complex and interdependent software
Experience with Microsoft software development tools and
Core skills

 

Object oriented design, implementation and test
Strong software development and debugging
Ability to collaborate and work in a team environment
Ability to coordinate and collaborate with multiple HP internal teams and with external partners for timely completion of
Analytical skills to research technical issues, troubleshoot complex systems and to deliver right
Ability to multitask on a variety of software development lifecycle activities
Strong English verbal and written communication skills
 

Technology Specialties

x86-based industry standard server architecture and platform management
Strong knowledge of object oriented design, data modeling and common design patterns
Strong distributed design and implementation
Knowledge of Windows Server Operating Systems, Windows Internals and a working knowledge of the NT Kernel device
C# or C/C++ programming skills
Experience with XML general schema
Experience with Microsoft script technologies, including
Industry experience with Microsoft development technologies, including .NET 3.5 (WCF, LINQ, WPF) and
General knowledge of virtualization concepts (highly desirable, but not required
Working knowledge of Microsoft System Center products (SCOM, SCCM, SCVMM) (highly desirable, but not required
Knowledge of systems management using WBEM and SNMP (desirable, but not required)
Knowledge of RESTful web services (desirable, but not required)
