Job Overview 

Company:	CareerPlanners, Inc
Base Pay:	$70,000 - $100,000 /Year
Other Pay:	
Employee Type:	Full-Time
Industry:	Securities
Manages Others:	Engineering
Information Technology
Professional Services No
Job Type:	 
Required Education:	4 Year Degree
Required Experience:	At least 4 year(s)
Required Travel:	Negligible
Relocation Covered:	Not Specified
Reference ID:	Not Available
Location:	map it!US-FL-Miami

Loading Map...
 	 
Contact:	Bob Kelly
Phone:	(561) 745-6945
Email:	Send Email Now
Fax:	Not Available
Company Overview 

CareerPlanners, Inc. provides information technology recruiting services to businesses and the Public Sector throughout the United States. CareerPlanners is a veteran-owned business that is totally committed to serving the IC (Intelligence Community). As innovators with a command of business and technical knowledge, CareerPlanners can help their clients identify hard-to-find candidates faster. Our technology expertise include: Application/Solution Development, SOA (Service Oriented Architecture), IT Portfolio Management/PMO, Middleware, Sales and Sales Support, Operations, and eBusiness/Internet Solutions.

Learn More about CareerPlanners, Inc
Visit Our Website

Senior Java Engineer
   Apply Now
Report It
Job Description 

 

Primary responsibilities include:

Responsible for part of the development of a software securities trading system.
Participate in the requirements analysis, conceptual design, detailed design, and implementation of a system.
Participate in integration testing of programs within a system.
Generate formal design documentation.
Support the development of Acceptance Test Plan and Procedures documents.

Technical Requirements:

 

Java and J2EE experience

The FIX protocol, and/or other aspects of the brokerage industry is a plus.

Design and development of applications using a development platform such as Streambase, etc

Experience using Java application servers such as BEA's WebLogic

Experience with Web Services concepts and implementation

 


Job Requirements 

The primary focus of this Senior Java Engineer is to develop software application solutions that integrate securities trading systems, decision support, collaboration, as well as other core capabilities.  They rely heavily on internal expertise in the key areas of the financial industry.

The hiring company possesses world class technical talent and industry expertise in system concept development, rapid prototyping, software engineering, systems integration, and project leadership.  They pride themselves on their proven ability to apply their small, elite technical team focused on the end user solving problems quickly and effectively.
 
 

 	   Apply Now
Report It