Pulp Fiction (1994)
R  154 min  -  Crime | Thriller   -  14 October 1994 (USA)
    1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 9.0/10 X  
Users: (431,956 votes) 1,515 reviews | Critics: 150 reviews

The lives of two mob hit men, a boxer, a gangster's wife, and a pair of diner bandits intertwine in four tales of violence and redemption.

Director:
Quentin Tarantino
Writers:
Quentin Tarantino (stories), Roger Avary (stories), and 1 more credit »
Stars:
John Travolta, Uma Thurman and Samuel L. Jackson
Watch Trailer »
Still of Samuel L. Jackson and John Travolta in Pulp Fiction Still of Uma Thurman and John Travolta in Pulp Fiction Still of John Travolta in Pulp Fiction Still of Uma Thurman and John Travolta in Pulp Fiction Still of Bruce Willis and Maria de Medeiros in Pulp Fiction Still of Samuel L. Jackson and John Travolta in Pulp Fiction
 76 photos | 8 videos | 1269 news articles »
Top 250 #5 | Won Oscar. Another 43 wins & 40 nominations See more awards »
Edit
Cast
Cast overview, first billed only:
John Travolta	John Travolta	...	
Vincent Vega
Samuel L. Jackson	Samuel L. Jackson	...	
Jules Winnfield
Tim Roth	Tim Roth	...	
Pumpkin - Ringo
Amanda Plummer	Amanda Plummer	...	
Honey Bunny - Yolanda
Eric Stoltz	Eric Stoltz	...	
Lance
Bruce Willis	Bruce Willis	...	
Butch Coolidge
Ving Rhames	Ving Rhames	...	
Marsellus Wallace
Phil LaMarr	Phil LaMarr	...	
Marvin
Maria de Medeiros	Maria de Medeiros	...	
Fabienne
Rosanna Arquette	Rosanna Arquette	...	
Jody
Peter Greene	Peter Greene	...	
Zed
Uma Thurman	Uma Thurman	...	
Mia Wallace
Duane Whitaker	Duane Whitaker	...	
Maynard
Paul Calderon	Paul Calderon	...	
Paul
Frank Whaley	Frank Whaley	...	
Brett
Full cast and crew »
Edit
Storyline
Jules Winnfield and Vincent Vega are two hitmen who are out to retrieve a suitcase stolen from their employer, mob boss Marsellus Wallace. Wallace has also asked Vincent to take his wife Mia out a few days later when Wallace himself will be out of town. Butch Coolidge is an aging boxer who is paid by Wallace to lose his next fight. The lives of these seemingly unrelated people are woven together comprising of a series of funny, bizarre and uncalled-for incidents. Written by Soumitra  

Plot Summary | Plot Synopsis
Plot Keywords:
Boxer | Restaurant | Briefcase | Coffee | Gangster  | See more »
Taglines:
You won't know the facts until you've seen the fiction. See more »
Genres:
Crime | Thriller
Motion Picture Rating (MPAA)
Rated R for strong graphic violence and drug use, pervasive strong language and some sexuality. See all certifications »
Parents Guide:
View content advisory »
Edit
Details
Official Sites:
Official Pulp Fiction DVD site | Add/edit official sites  »
Country:
USA
Language:
English | Spanish (only a few words) | French (only a few words)
Release Date:
14 October 1994 (USA) See more »
Also Known As:
Tiempos violentos See more »
Filming Locations:
1525 N. Van Ness Avenue, Los Angeles, California, USA See more »
Box Office
Budget:
$8,000,000 (estimated)
Opening Weekend:
$9,311,882 (USA) (14 October 1994)
Gross:
$48,407,201 (USA) (20 November 1994)
See more »
Company Credits
Production Co:
A Band Apart, Jersey Films, Miramax Films See more »
Show detailed company contact information on IMDbPro »
Technical Specs
Runtime:
154 min  | USA: 168 min (special edition)
Sound Mix:
Dolby Digital
Color:
Color
Aspect Ratio:
2.35 : 1
See full technical specs »

MOVIEmeter:
Up 3% in popularity this week. See why on IMDbPro
Edit
Fun Facts
Trivia
Quentin Tarantino wrote the role of Jules specifically for Samuel L. Jackson, however it was almost given to Paul Calderon after a great audition. When Jackson heard this, he flew to Los Angeles and auditioned again to secure the role. Calderon ended up with a small role as Paul. See more »
Goofs
Errors made by characters (possibly deliberate errors by the filmmakers): In the taxi, Butch asks the driver about her name, which is Esmarelda Villalobos. She tells him it means "Esmarelda of the wolves", which is incorrect. "Lobos" does mean "wolves", but "Villa" means "town", so it means "the town of wolves". See more »
Quotes
[first lines]
Pumpkin: Forget it. Too risky. I'm through doing that shit.
Yolanda: You always say that. That same thing every time, "I'm through, never again, too dangerous".
Pumpkin: I know that's what I always say. I'm always right, too.
Yolanda: But you forget about it in a day or two.
Pumpkin: Yeah, well the days of me forgetting are over, and the days of me remembering have just begun.
See more »
Crazy Credits
The opening credits end with Produced by Lawrence Bender. Usually movies
end opening credits with the Director's credit, however Written and
Directed by Quentin Tarantino starts the end credits. See more »
Connections
Referenced in The Simpsons Movie (2007) See more »
Soundtracks
"Ace Of Spades"
Written by Link Wray (as F.L. Wray Sr.), M. Cooper
Performed by Link Wray
Courtesy of Rollercoaster Records, England See more »