Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back (1980)
PG  124 min  -  Action | Adventure | Sci-Fi   -  21 May 1980 (USA)
    1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 8.8/10 X  
Users: (286,707 votes) 685 reviews | Critics: 157 reviews

While Luke takes advanced Jedi training from Yoda, his friends are relentlessly pursued by Darth Vader as part of his plan to capture Luke.

Director:
Irvin Kershner
Writers:
Leigh Brackett (screenplay), Lawrence Kasdan (screenplay), and 1 more credit »
Stars:
Mark Hamill, Harrison Ford and Carrie Fisher
Watch Trailer »
Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back Still of Billy Dee Williams in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back Still of Mark Hamill in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back Still of Harrison Ford and Carrie Fisher in Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back
 101 photos | 12 videos | 501 news articles »
Top 250 #11 | Won Oscar. Another 10 wins & 12 nominations See more awards »
Edit
Cast
Cast overview, first billed only:
Mark Hamill	Mark Hamill	...	
Luke Skywalker
Harrison Ford	Harrison Ford	...	
Han Solo
Carrie Fisher	Carrie Fisher	...	
Princess Leia
Billy Dee Williams	Billy Dee Williams	...	
Lando Calrissian
Anthony Daniels	Anthony Daniels	...	
C-3PO
David Prowse	David Prowse	...	
Darth Vader
Peter Mayhew	Peter Mayhew	...	
Chewbacca
Kenny Baker	Kenny Baker	...	
R2-D2
Frank Oz	Frank Oz	...	
Yoda (voice)
Alec Guinness	Alec Guinness	...	
Ben 'Obi-wan' Kenobi
Jeremy Bulloch	Jeremy Bulloch	...	
Boba Fett
John Hollis	John Hollis	...	
Lando's Aide
Jack Purvis	Jack Purvis	...	
Chief Ugnaught
Des Webb	Des Webb	...	
Snow Creature
Clive Revill	Clive Revill	...	
Emperor (voice)
Full cast and crew »
Edit
Storyline
Fleeing the evil Galactic Empire, the rebels abandon their new base on Hoth. Princess Leia, Han Solo and the droids R2-D2 and C-3P0 escape in the damaged Millenium Falcon, but are later captured by Lord Darth Vader on Bespin. Skywalker, meanwhile, follows Ben Kenobi's posthumous command and receives Jedi training by Yoda on Dagobah. Will Skywalker manage to rescue his friends from the dark lord? Written by James Pearce <james.pearce@cs.man.ac.uk>  

Plot Summary | Plot Synopsis
Plot Keywords:
Princess | Empire | Rebel | Training | Rescue  | See more »
Taglines:
The battle continues... See more »
Genres:
Action | Adventure | Sci-Fi
Motion Picture Rating (MPAA)
Rated PG for sci-fi action violence. (special edition, DVD version) See all certifications »
Parents Guide:
View content advisory »
Edit
Details
Official Sites:
Official site | Add/edit official sites  »
Country:
USA
Language:
English
Release Date:
21 May 1980 (USA) See more »
Also Known As:
Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back See more »
Filming Locations:
Alcatraz Island, San Francisco Bay, California, USA See more »
Box Office
Budget:
$18,000,000 (estimated)
Opening Weekend:
$21,975,993 (USA) (23 February 1997) (2111 Screens) (reissue)
Gross:
$290,475,067 (USA) (30 June 1997)
See more »
Company Credits
Production Co:
Lucasfilm See more »
Show detailed company contact information on IMDbPro »
Technical Specs
Runtime:
124 min  | USA: 127 min (special edition)
Sound Mix:
70 mm 6-Track (70 mm prints) | Dolby Digital EX (2004 DVD) | Dolby Digital (special edition) | SDDS (special edition) | Dolby (35 mm prints)
Color:
Color
Aspect Ratio:
2.20 : 1
See full technical specs »

MOVIEmeter:
Up 193% in popularity this week. See why on IMDbPro
Edit
Fun Facts
Trivia
George Lucas decided that a battle on an ice planet was necessary because he felt that it was easy to "cheat" in space, because the background was black and you could hide errors easily. With a white background, the effects crews would have to work much harder, and the effects would be much more impressive. See more »
Goofs
Continuity: During the Battle of Hoth, Luke says of the AT-AT that the armor is too strong for blasters and that wrapping the tow cables around the legs was the only way, yet when the first AT-AT is brought down using the cable a speeder blows it up using its blasters. See more »
Quotes
[first lines]
Luke: Echo Three to Echo Seven. Han, old buddy, do you read me?
Han Solo: Loud and clear, kid. What's up?
Luke: Well, I finished my circle. I don't pick up any life readings.
Han Solo: There isn't enough life on this ice cube to fill a space cruiser. Sensors are placed. I'm going back.
Luke: Right. I'll see you shortly. There's a meteorite that hit the ground near here. I want to check it out. It won't take long.
See more »
Crazy Credits
In the alternate DVD version, the Emperor is still credited as being voiced
by Clive Revill, despite his performance being replaced by Ian McDiarmid. See more »
Connections
Referenced in "Family Guy: Don't Make Me Over (#4.4)" (2005) See more »
Quick Links:

overview
Watch it
 Buy it from Amazon »
 Rent it from Blockbuster.com »

ad feedback
Share this page:

Add to My Movies+ My Movies
Related Videos
Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back -- Special Limited Engagement Trailer for Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back -- Teaser Trailer for Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back Star Wars: Episode V - The Empire Strikes Back -- New Chapter Trailer for Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back
See all 12 »
Related News
'Star Wars: Imperial Academy' Comes To iPhones
7 December 2010 3:02 PM, PST | MTV Multiplayer
The Wit & Wisdom of Gossip Girl: Police and Parents, Disguises and Accents
7 December 2010 6:20 AM, PST | Movieline
The Wit & Wisdom of Gossip Girl: Police and Parents, Disguises and Accents
7 December 2010 6:20 AM, PST | Movieline - TVline
See all 501 related articles »
Create a list »
Related Lists
image of title
My Greatest Movies
a list of 250 titles by Paul Hamell created 2 months ago
 
image of title
Movies i have seen.
a list of 219 titles by j-pitkaenen created 1 month ago
 
image of title
The Top 250 Revisited
a list of 250 titles by dirty_dutchman created 1 month ago
 
image of title
Top 250 Movies of All-Times
a list of 133 titles by Mr-Hmmm created 4 weeks ago
 
image of title
The Movies I've watched
a list of 61 titles by Tomislav Mihailov created 2 days ago
 
See all related lists »
Frequently Asked Questions
Q: If the stormtroopers are clones, why didn't George Lucas have Temuera Morrison dub over their voices for the special DVD edition like he did for Boba Fett?
Q: Is it true that the Wampa ice creature attack was added to explain Mark Hamill's injuries?
Q: What exactly is Yoda?
See more (Spoiler Alert!) »
User Reviews
 
It's NOT the darkest of the trilogy - it's the most mature
26 October 1999 | by Spleen (Canberra, Australia) – See all my reviews
`It avoids having the standard shoot-'em-up ending,' says a friend of mine, `by not having an ending.' I suppose this is what most people think, but all the same the film manages to form a satisfying whole; or at least, a whole that satisfies me. I'm therefore inclined to think it DOES have an ending. Obviously, I can't discuss this without giving things away to those few who don't know what happens. If you're one of those few, then believe me: your ignorance is precious enough to be worth guarding until you see the film. Stop reading now.

After the surprise attack on the rebel base, Luke Skywalker splits with Han, Leia, et al. Han's party gets away first (is it just me, or is the shot of Luke watching the Falcon flying off while he stands stranded on the ground, a poignant one?), but thereafter they face one narrow escape after another, while Luke slinks off quietly and safely to train with Yoda.

The training scenes are many and Yoda talks a great deal of rubbish. But somehow it doesn't matter. The film is ambivalent in its attitude towards Yoda, anyway. Our sympathy clearly lies with the entirely non-spiritual concerns of Han, Leia and the adolescent Luke. The main story concerns the understanding that builds between Han and Leia. In the end they are honest with one another; and if Han's being frozen and shipped back to Tatooine is the price to pay for this, well, it's the price to pay. It was very important NOT to end with the dashing rescue that opens `Return of the Jedi', which would be dramatically beside the point. Instead we end with the promise that the rescue will some day occur. That's enough.

As for Luke: he abandons Yoda to rescue Han and Leia, and achieves NOTHING WHATEVER. This was my favourite touch. All five Jedis - Luke, Obi-Wan, Yoda, Vader, and the Emperor - find that their conflicting instincts are all entirely wrong. The film is really about the temporary triumph of human impulses over the mystical Force. Luke's human idealism is vindicated, but his supernatural powers, just this once, are not.

When George Lucas gave his Star Wars trilogy a fresh coat of varnish in 1997 he felt he had to justify the expense by making needless changes. You'll notice he made precious few changes to episode V. There just wasn't room. He added a few extra shots of the ice monster, which of course weakened that one scene; but even with those changes in place the Special Edition is virtually identical to the original edition. Since Lucas was so keen on making changes wherever he could this is obviously a tribute to the tightness of the story and the direction. It's also a tribute to the perfection of the original special effects, more innovative than the effects in the first Star Wars movie and better than the effects in any subsequent one.

160 of 210 people found this review helpful.  Was this review helpful to you? Yes No
Review this title | See all 685 user reviews »