amctv.com>movie guide>Lawrence of Arabia>details
Lawrence of Arabia details
Overall RatingAverage Rating of 0Total Ratings: 2
Overview
Details
Cast & Credits
Awards
Review

Movie Details:
Director: David Lean
Produced By: Columbia Pictures
Year: 1962
Run Time: 202 minutes
Country: UK, USA
Language: English
MPAA Rating: PG
Category: Feature
Genre/Type: Epic
Filmed In: Color

Key Cast: Peter O'Toole, Alec Guinness, Anthony Quinn, Jack Hawkins, Omar Sharif, José Ferrer, Anthony Quayle, Claude Rains, Full Credits

Lawrence of Arabia
This sweeping, highly literate historical epic covers the Allies' mideastern campaign during World War I as seen through the eyes of the enigmatic T. E. Lawrence (Peter O'Toole, in the role that made him a star). After a prologue showing us Lawrence's ultimate fate, we flash back to Cairo in 1917. A bored general staffer, Lawrence talks his way into a transfer to Arabia. Once in the desert, he befriends Sherif Ali Ben El Kharish (Omar Sharif, making one of the most spectacular entrances in movie history) and draws up plans to aid the Arabs in their rebellion against the Turks. No one is ever able to discern Lawrence's motives in this matter: Prince Feisal (Alec Guinness) dismisses him as yet another "desert-loving Englishman," and his British superiors assume that he's either arrogant or mad. Using a combination of diplomacy and bribery, Lawrence unites the rival Arab factions of Feisal and Auda Abu Tayi (Anthony Quinn). After successfully completing his mission, Lawrence becomes an unwitting pawn of the Allies, as represented by Gen. Allenby (Jack Hawkins) and Dryden (Claude Rains), who decide to keep using Lawrence to secure Arab cooperation against the Imperial Powers. While on a spying mission to Deraa, Lawrence is captured and tortured by a sadistic Turkish Bey (Jose Ferrer). In the heat of the next battle, a wild-eyed Lawrence screams "No prisoners!" and fights more ruthlessly than ever. Screenwriters Robert Bolt and Michael Wilson used T. E. Lawrence's own self-published memoir The Seven Pillars of Wisdom as their principal source, although some of the characters are composites, and many of the "historical" incidents are of unconfirmed origin. Two years in the making (you can see O'Toole's weight fluctuate from scene to scene), the movie, lensed in Spain and Jordan, ended up costing a then-staggering $13 million and won seven Academy Awards, including Best Picture and Best Director. The 1962 Royal Premiere in London was virtually the last time that David Lean's director's cut was seen: 20 minutes were edited from the film's general release, and 15 more from the 1971 reissue. This abbreviated version was all that was available for public exhibition until a massive 1989 restoration, at 216 minutes that returned several of Lean's favorite scenes while removing others with which he had never been satisfied. by Hal Erickson, Rovi


Keywords:
Arab
desert
military
spy
Turkish [nationality]
war
rebel-leader
British

Themes:
Great Battles
Military Life
Colonialism
Heroic Mission

...ranks in these movie lists:
The Greatest 100 Movies of All Time (#18)
Greatest Biopics (#3)
The Ten Greatest Epics (#5)
Favorite Movies 1960s (#6)
Best Historical Movies (#4)


Similar Movies
The Godfather (1972)
Great Expectations (1946)
Deliverance (1972)
Open City (1945)
Raising Arizona (1987)
My Darling Clementine (1946)
Once Upon a Time in the West (1968)
Bonnie and Clyde (1967)
Doctor Zhivago (1965)
The Treasure of the Sierra Madre (1948)