
 Home  Movies  Inherit the Wind
Inherit the Wind (1960)

Are you the No. 1 fan of Inherit the Wind? Create your own Fan Site on Hollywood.com. Click here!
PG | 2 hr 7 mins | Drama | In-Development: 12/1/1960

4 Out of 5 stars4 Out of 5 stars4 Out of 5 stars4 Out of 5 stars
Hollywood.com Says




Bullet Arrow	Showtimes & Tickets

Bullet Arrow	Trailers & Clips

Bullet Arrow	Photos

Bullet Arrow	Review

Bullet Arrow	Cast Interviews

Bullet Arrow	Premiere Video

Bullet Arrow	Official Site

Bullet Arrow	Fan Sites

Bullet Arrow
Get a Poster at
AllPosters.com



Synopsis:
The Evolution vs. Creationism argument is at the center of the Jerome Lawrence-Robert E. Lee Broadway play Inherit the Wind. Lawrence and Lee's inspiration was the 1925 "Monkey Trial," in which Tennessee schoolteacher John Scopes was arrested for teaching Darwin's theory of evolution in violation of state law. Scopes deliberately courted arrest to challenge what he and his supporters saw as an unjust law, and the trial became a national cause when The Baltimore Sun, represented by the famed (and atheistic) journalist H. L. Mencken, hired attorney Clarence Darrow to defend Scopes. The prosecuting attorney was crusading politician William Jennings Bryan, once a serious contender for the Presidency, now a relic of a past era. While Bryan won the case as expected, he and his fundamentalist backers were held up to public ridicule by the cagey Darrow. In both the play and film versions of Inherit the Wind, the names and places are changed, but the basic chronology was retained, along with most of the original court transcripts. John Scopes becomes Bertram Cates (Dick York); Clarence Darrow is Henry Drummond (Spencer Tracy); William Jennings Bryan is Matthew Harrison Brady (Fredric March); and H. L. Mencken is E. K. Hornbeck (Gene Kelly). Dayton, Tennessee is transformed into Hillsboro -- or, as the relentlessly cynical Hornbeck characterizes it, "Heavenly Hillsboro." ~ Hal Erickson, All Movie Guide
Full Cast & Crew

Theatrical Release	
12/1/1960	
Director	Credit
Stanley Kramer	Director
Cast	Credit
Spencer Tracy	Henry Drummond
Fredric March	Matthew Harrison Brady
Gene Kelly	E.K. Hornbeck
Florence Eldridge	Sarah Brady
Dick York	Bertram T. Cates
Harry Morgan	Judge
Donna Anderson	Rachel Brown
Philip Coolidge	Mayor
Elliott Reid	Davenport
Claude Akins	Rev. Jeremiah Brown
Paul Hartman	Meeker
Jimmy Boyd	Howard
Noah Beery, Jr.	Stebbins
Gordon Polk	Sillers
Ray Teal	Dunlap
Norman Fell	Radio Announcer
Hope Summers	Mrs. Krebs
Renee Godfrey	Mrs. Stebbins
Donald Elson	
Producers	Credit
Stanley Kramer	Producer
Production Companies	Credit
United Artists	United Artists
Distribution Companies	Credit
Stanley Kramer Productions	Stanley Kramer Productions
United Artists	United Artists
Writer	Credit
Harold Jacob Smith	Screenwriter
Robert E. Lee	Play Author
Ned Young	Screenwriter
Jerome Lawrence	Play Author
Art Department	Credit
Rudolph Sternad	Production Designer
Film Camera	Credit
Ernest Laszlo	Cinematographer
Music	Credit
Ernest Gold	Composer (Music Score)
Production Management	Credit
Clem Beauchamp	Production Manager
Wardrobe Hair Makeup	Credit
Joe King	Costume Designer
Joe King	Costume Designer

Rovi Data Solutions, Inc.
- Portions of Content Provided by Rovi Data Solutions © 2009 Rovi Data Solutions, Inc.



Sponsored Links
  Buy A Link Here  


Advertisement



Related Stories
•	News, Jan. 8: It's a Boy for Kate, Minnelli Begins First Leg of Divorce, Ford Officially Divorced, more…...
•	BUZZ/SAW: L.A. vs. New York
•	Filmmaker Stanley Kramer Says Adieu