
Abilene Christian University
Work ACU Box 29100 Abilene, TX 79699-9000
Work(800) 460-6228
Admissions E-mail: info@admissions.acu.edu Web site: http://www.acu.edu

    19Rank
    57Score
 Tier 1
College Category:
Regional Universities (West)

The Basics About Abilene Christian

Abilene Christian is a private institution that was founded in 1906. It has a total undergraduate enrollment of 3,916, its setting is urban, and the campus size is 208 acres. It utilizes a semester-based academic calendar. Abilene Christian's ranking in the 2011 edition of Best Colleges is Regional Universities (West), 19. Its tuition and fees are $22,760.
Overview: Abilene Christian University

General Information 	 
Institutional Control: 	Private
Year founded: 	1906
Religious affiliation: 	Church of Christ
Academic calendar: 	semester
Total undergraduate enrollment 	3,916
Setting: 	urban
2009 Endowment: 	$239,532,858
Fall Admissions 	 
Application deadline 	2/15
Application fee 	$50
Fall 2009 acceptance rate 	49%
Selectivity 	selective
Expenses 	 
Costs: 	2010-2011 Tuition and Fees: $22,760
Mission (as provided by the school) 	 

Abilene Christian University is a vibrant, innovative, Christ-centered community that engages students in authentic spiritual and intellectual growth, equipping them to make a real difference in the world. The incorporation of cutting-edge technology into learning has positioned the university as a leader in the integration of mobile-learning technology. Students use their iPhones or iPod touches as part of the university's innovative academic and social experiences. Abilene Christian continues to receive worldwide recognition for its innovation both in and out of the classroom. ACU has received both national and international honors, including Alcatel-Lucent's first-ever Dynamic Enterprise Award, for its innovative communications solution that enhances the learning experience for students. At the Handheld Learning Conference, a British educational conference, ACU was one of three finalists for the Handheld Learning Innovation Award for Tertiary Education. ACU also received the Institutional Excellence in Information Communication Technology Award by the Association for Information Communications Technology Professionals in Higher Education. While ACU is affiliated with the Churches of Christ, the university welcomes all students who value the strong Christian environment and exceptional academic programs offered on campus. More than 4,800 students attend ACU from all 50 states and 60 countries. The diverse and global environment cultivates a strong learning experience. Students are served by faculty members who focus on high academic teaching, scholarship and service. Undergraduates regularly participate in significant research projects alongside faculty members, and many ACU students go on to earn their doctorates. The university includes the colleges of Arts and Sciences, Biblical Studies, Business Administration, Education and Human Services, the Graduate School, the Graduate School of Theology, the School of Information Technology and Computing, the School of Social Work, the Honors College, and the Patty Hanks Shelton School of Nursing. ACU's College of Business Administration remains in the five percent of business schools in the world officially accredited by the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business. The Department of Journalism and Mass Communication produces The Optimist, the first student newspaper to be published on Apple's new iPad. Several academic departments across campus have collaborated on the project, pairing ACU's oldest student medium with a brand-new device. The JMC department also features a new, state-of-the-art converged media newsroom where print, broadcast and online student media staff produce award-winning work together. The Body & Soul pre-med/pre-dental program at ACU offers students unique opportunities that prepare them for high acceptance into professional schools. Graduates are accepted into medical school at a rate almost double the national average. ACU's Teacher Education program offers an innovative Summer Institute for Beginning Teachers, where alumni return to campus to network and share experiences from their first years in the classroom. Since 1999, ACU students and faculty members in the Department of Physics have been part of the Pioneering High Energy Nuclear Interaction eXperiment (PHENIX) at Brookhaven National Laboratory. The PHENIX project uses the Relativistic Heavy Ion Collider (RHIC), the world's highest energy density particle accelerator, to study the "perfect" liquid, which is created by crashing ions together. ACU physics undergraduates are listed as co-authors on numerous papers presenting the project's groundbreaking research. Abilene Christian students have numerous learning opportunities outside the classroom, from summer internships with top firms in various fields to exciting Study Abroad classrooms in Europe, South America and Asia. ACU's mission is to educate students for Christian service and leadership throughout the world.