
Adelphi University
Work 1 South Avenue Garden City, NY 11530
Work(800) 233-5744
Admissions E-mail: admissions@adelphi.edu Web site: http://www.adelphi.edu

    159Rank
    28Score

Tier 1
College Category:
National Universities

The Basics About Adelphi University

Adelphi University is a private institution that was founded in 1896. It has a total undergraduate enrollment of 4,954, its setting is suburban, and the campus size is 75 acres. It utilizes a semester-based academic calendar. Adelphi University's ranking in the 2011 edition of Best Colleges is National Universities, 159. Its tuition and fees are $27,400.
Overview: Adelphi University

General Information 	 
Institutional Control: 	Private
Year founded: 	1896
Religious affiliation: 	N/A
Academic calendar: 	semester
Total undergraduate enrollment 	4,954
Setting: 	suburban
2009 Endowment: 	$95,268,970
Fall Admissions 	 
Application deadline 	rolling
Application fee 	$35
Fall 2009 acceptance rate 	70%
Selectivity 	selective
Expenses 	 
Costs: 	2010-2011 Tuition and Fees: $27,400
Mission (as provided by the school) 	 

Adelphi University has a rich history, an exciting present, and a limitless future. Founded in 1896, Adelphi University was Long Island's first private co-educational institution of higher learning. Since 2007, Adelphi has been cited as a "Best Buy" by the best-selling Fiske Guide to Colleges, one of only a handful of private universities to make the list. The New York Times wrote in fall 2006, "By practically every measure, the university is thriving." As Adelphi grows, our academic programs evolve to reflect the needs and interests of our more than 8,400 students from 37 states and close to 50 countries including an acclaimed Honors College; career-advancing joint degree programs; sought-after performing arts programs; and professional programs in social work, nursing, business, psychology, and education. Internationally recognized scholars and artists fill the ranks of Adelphi's more than 900 full- and part-time faculty members. Adelphi's main 75-acre campus in historic Garden City has six residence halls and is conveniently located 45 minutes from New York City, and just a few miles from some of Long Island's most beautiful beaches, parks, and cultural centers. Students may join Adelphi's more than 80 student organizations, including fraternities, sororities, and academic honor societies. Access to professional internships in all industries, whether in New York City or on Long Island, abounds. An expanded career center connects student with a range of professional opportunities. Specialized extracurricular and academic programs promote student involvement in civic and community service. Adelphi has outstanding NCAA Division I and II intercollegiate athletic teams, including its Division II National Championship women's lacrosse team as well as an array of intramural activities. In fall 2008, Adelphi opened a state-of-the-art performing arts center and center for recreation and sports. The carefully designed building complex serves as a vibrant hub for student activities, cultural performances, athletic competitions, and academics. Adelphi students have free access to student counseling, financial aid advising, mentoring, and other life improvement services. Students wishing to study abroad will find ample opportunities and personalized assistance in selecting programs through Adelphi's study abroad office. Through its schools, the College of Arts and Sciences, the Gordon F. Derner Institute of Advanced Psychological Studies, the Honors College, University College, the Ruth S. Ammon School of Education, and the Schools of Business, Nursing, and Social Work, Adelphi offers more than 100 undergraduate and graduate programs of study at our main Garden City campus and at off-campus centers in Hauppauge, Manhattan, and Hudson Valley.