
Adrian College
Work 110 S. Madison Street Adrian, MI 49221
Work(800) 877-2246
Admissions E-mail: admissions@adrian.edu Web site: http://www.adrian.edu

    27Rank
    58Score

Tier 1
College Category:
Regional Colleges (Midwest)

The Basics About Adrian College

Adrian College is a private institution that was founded in 1859. It has a total undergraduate enrollment of 1,609, its setting is urban, and the campus size is 100 acres. It utilizes a semester-based academic calendar. Adrian College's ranking in the 2011 edition of Best Colleges is Regional Colleges (Midwest), 27. Its tuition and fees are $25,900.
Overview: Adrian College

General Information 	 
Institutional Control: 	Private
Year founded: 	1859
Religious affiliation: 	United Methodist
Academic calendar: 	semester
Total undergraduate enrollment 	1,609
Setting: 	urban
2009 Endowment: 	N/A
Fall Admissions 	 
Application deadline 	rolling
Application fee 	$0
Fall 2009 acceptance rate 	62%
Selectivity 	selective
Expenses 	 
Costs: 	2010-2011 Tuition and Fees: $25,900
Mission (as provided by the school) 	 

Our distinctiveness begins from our mission: "Adrian College, a liberal arts College in the United Methodist tradition, is committed to the pursuit of truth and to the dignity of all people. Through active and creative learning in a supportive community, students are challenged to achieve excellence in their academic, personal, and professional lives, and to contribute to a more socially just society." More recently, our Ribbons of Excellence grew from our mission. In 1887, the seniors presented a cane, symbolic of leadership and hard work, to the junior class officers. It has been handed down every year by since, and each class attaches a ribbon. In 2007, our academic community adopted the idea of the ribbons to represent standards of excellence. These new "ribbons of excellence" are: 1) Caring for humanity and the world: making socially responsible decisions; providing service to local and global communities; interacting positively with persons of diverse cultures and backgrounds. 2) Learning throughout a lifetime: continuing to ask important questions; pursuing knowledge in each new age; remaining open to new learning experiences. 3) Thinking critically: developing critical habits of mind; exploring multiple points of view; raising thoughtful questions, identifying problems and solutions. 4) Crossing boundaries and disciplines: developing literacy in multiple fields; personifying the liberal arts experience; making connections across disciplines. 5) Developing creativity: engaging in creative arts; developing creative talents and skills; recognizing and employing figurative expression. These permeate our campus culture, especially on Ribbons of Excellence Day as campus and community convene to celebrate scholarly and creative activities of our students. Adrian College offers numerous enriching educational experiences. Almost one quarter of last year's graduating class studied abroad. Many academic programs require internships or practicums, giving students opportunities to apply their studies in real-world situations. Many courses are designed around service learning. Examples include Biology students working with the River Raisin Watershed Council, Teacher Education students tutoring at local schools, and Business students consulting for local non-profits. All majors require a Capstone Experience, where seniors synthesize years of learning into a single project. We have also been the recipient of Fulbright Arabic Scholars for the past three years, enriching our language offerings and campus culture. Adrian College is also proud to participate in Operation Education, a program that helps wounded veterans earn an education. Adrian College is experiencing tremendous growth through its Renaissance campaigns, which continue to transform our teaching, learning, and scholarly environments. Renaissance I brought new athletic facilities, including a multisport performance stadium and ice arena, and new programs, including a marching band and the Athletic Training Program. Renaissance II is bringing innovative educational opportunities. For example, Rush Hall was transformed from an old bookstore to the home of the Communication Arts and Sciences program, complete with new media studios, sound rooms, and editing labs, and we have invested in several technology initiatives, including smart classrooms, digital library resources, Blackboard, and a significant increase in our Internet bandwidth to 90Mbps max throughput. Renaissance II also prompted the creation of Institutes, which integrate theoretical and practical learning in distinctive ways. These are the Institute for Entrepreneurial Studies, the Institute for Health Studies, the Institute for Study Abroad, the Institute for Ethics, and the Institute for Law and Public Policy. Institutes promote interdisciplinary learning, seek unique opportunities for students, give a platform for student-faculty collaboration, and foster projects that benefit our campus culture. 